Describe your sound in 3 words

One thing we should know about you

One thing not many people know about you

Please introduce yourself

What is the story behind the album title?

What is the story behind your name?

Favorite album of the past year

Major music influences? Which album introduced you to Electronika?

Improvisation is a core musical value in your music. Is improvisation a talent or a skill?

In which place or state of mind do you imagine people might listen to your music?

Your favorite most trippy mind blending groove drop you wish you had composed yourself?

Artists and people that have influenced you?

Your dream collaboration?

Where do you find your creative headspace these days?

Which song from the album (if any) represents you the most and why?

Your most honest and personal lyric?.

A lyric you wish you had written yourself?

Do you like the idea of collaborating? What is the most challenging part of letting others into your creative process?

What does success mean for you going forward?

What is the true underground sound today (if there is one)

Electronika and live performance. What is the golden rule? Accept the fact that some parts will be prerecorded or try to play live without caring about compromising your sound? 

What first got you into music?

Who inspired you to make music?

How would you describe the music that you typically create?

What is your creative process like?

Who would you most like to collaborate with?

If you could go open a show for any artist who would it be?

What is one message you would give to your fans?

What is the most useless talent you have?

Do you sing in the shower? What songs?

What would you be doing right now, if it wasn’t for your music career?

Where have you performed? What are your favorite and least favorite venues? Do you have any upcoming shows?

If someone was going to make your life into a movie, who would play you?

How do you feel the Internet has impacted the music business?

What is your favorite song to perform?

Which famous musicians do you admire?

What is the most trouble you've ever gotten into?

What is the best advice you’ve been given?

What advice would you give to your younger self?

What's your advice to humanity?

If you could change anything about the industry, what would it be?

What's next for you?

What Does Your Band Name Mean?

How Did You Meet?

Do you ever play any covers? 

What is the best concert you have ever been to?

Why does it seem that everyone basically only listens to music released when they were teenagers?

How did you come up with the name for the record?

As an adult (25+), what do you wish teenagers (13–19) understood?

If Johann Sebastian Bach were alive today, what kind of music would he compose?

What moment in your career are you proudest of? 

What is the most trouble you’ve ever gotten into?

What is something weird about you that you are not ashamed of?

What isn't a crime but should be?

What is a crime but shouldn’t be?

When did you decide to become a musician yourself?

What made you gravitate towards drum and bass beats?

You played your first ever concert in October. Did it feel weird to step out of the shadows and reveal more of yourself?

Are we on a slippery slope towards dystopia?

What is the first album you remember hearing as a child?

Your music is often described as nostalgic. What do you think about that term?

Your sound has nostalgia elements.  If a time machine could take you anywhere (past/future) for a day, when/where would you go?

If aliens visit us and ask us the best techno synth riff ever written, what would be your answer?

If aliens visit us and ask us what Cuban music is, which album would you give them to listen to?

What would you be doing if you weren’t a musician?

There are a couple of movies trying to capture the atmosphere of a rave, does any of them do justice?

Which Superpower Would You Choose? The ability to fly or to be invisible?

Why does criticism last longer than praise?

A song you would pay to hear for the first time again?

A song you are secretly obsessed with?

A song you are convinced was written about you?

A song you are are going to kiss someone to this year?

What book or series did you wish you could live in?      

If you could be the best in the world at something, what would it be? 

If you were arrested, what would it be for?      

Who do you think will be playing on “oldies radio” in 30 years?      

What would be the tagline to the sitcom of your life?      

What is the most successful lie in the history?

If the music of X was a film, which film would that be?